[Music]
today we're doing
clothing's two-week shred challenge
in a single day like am i
okay i've actually calculated how long
this takes
which is eight hours and three minutes
i best get going now her workouts range
from 35
to 60 minutes and they consist of like
between five and six workouts i believe
this is not like my usual style of
training i'm just doing it for a
challenge and
something completely different i just
thought i would give it a go i've seen
these being so popular and some like
crazy before and afters not advertising
for anyone to do
her challenges in one day it is a lot
first things first i'm gonna start with
breakfast i'm actually so hungry
i feel like i'm gonna be hungry the
whole day if i'm working out for the
majority of it
so before we do that if you could hit
this video with a like it really helped
and it supports my channel the current
time is 7
56 so i'm just gonna make some breakfast
right back now
[Music]
so this is the before
i can't work just set my fitbit on
circuit training
[Music]
first like full body workout now i'm
gonna move on
to the next one i think i was about 16
minutes and
wasn't too bad i've got a pre-workout
here and it's like a chocolate mocha
flavor which is quite different
that was hella heckler
jumping around but there were some low
impact options which i thought was
really cool
so now let's move on to the next one
[Music]
so i've just noticed on day two it's
like the same
two exercises you know so like the full
body one and then the same abs one
i'm not looking forward to doing the
same ones out over and over and away
so let's go again
[Music]
my abs were so sore in that last one
so now we're moving on to a new workout
i'm looking forward to new one already
the new workout is
a arms one i think or something like
that so let's
[Music]
whistle so that's two days done
and the time is 11 52
and i'm gonna make some lunch because i
feel a little bit weak i think so i kind
of been doing that like back to back and
then i had a phone
phone a phone call and stuff so i'm
gonna make
some food real quick
just throwing this together so we've got
some chicken
hex sausages some egg white turkey
rasher and cream cheese and tomato
and also a bit of spinach oh yeah
moving on to day three i feel a bit
tired
a time doing the full body one kind of
sick of it already
[Music]
i've just got a quick change and
on to day four like day three i actually
quite like the leg ones like they don't
feel as intense like i didn't feel like
i was like
getting super sweaty during those but
that
day three was longer than day two the
abs ones
which are killing me right now like you
know when you get
just like that burning ab pen where you
literally feel like i cannot get my head
off the ground right now quite a few of
those moments and obviously like
we aren't even halfway so i'm kind of
thinking what on earth have i just
decided to do we'll get through it just
going to push through
the pain right now also from like all
the jumping stuff like my knees have
been a little bit sore
yeah let's get straight on we haven't
got time to wait it's like trying to
rain outside and i've got my camera
there
and so i might have to move inside in a
second but i just really want it to
hold off also i feel like i've sweat
well since when i was writing last time
like my hair is just
desperately needing a wash right now but
there's no point because i have
a ton of more workouts to do i just have
to call this challenge like i worked out
for
an entire day because that's what it's
turning into we're doing the day five
workout because obviously
uh day four carbon speak right now is a
rest day
and so obviously it's 12 workouts out of
the two week
challenge with the two rest days
[Music]
i never ever want to another crunch
on the plank oh
god no words right now
[Music]
i would like to be bald right now my
hair is just drawing me mad so we're
still on day five
that is two out of four workouts
complete these ones
feel so difficult because they're just
long ones and i'm just like
tired and i feel like i remember
the workouts now and even the stuff she
was saying
i feel like i remember them so we go
[Music]
again
but i nearly forgot to show this i'm
just so hungry just made some french
toast
with a bit of jam very random
i don't know how i feel actually just
like really sort of out of it like
i just want to take a nap and i never
sort of feel sleepy like i don't my body
doesn't feel tired i don't feel like
it's like
hit my body but actually this is just
ridiculous i thought this sort of person
like when i get something in my head
like and i've committed to it
i've got to do the full thing so there's
no stopping now
um but i just i felt a bit shivery so i
put my dressing gown on on top of my
um workout stuff i feel a bit emotional
as well like i'm just like
this is really really flipping hard like
everything
is almost always in your head anyways
so yeah day six
let's go i just want to get to the
halfway point and then i feel like
you know smooth lining from there but
it's just more like time is knocking on
[Music]
guys great job
is
[Music]
so that is day six finished thank god
um the booty and leg one was really
similar to the hip
uh like workout thing as well like there
were really similar moves i felt
that was tiny bit and that was a little
bit repetitive so
half way so day seven is an active
flight rest day so gonna go into day
eight
it's literally almost getting dark
outside and i have had like
some breaks and i've just been eating as
well
in between now it goes to three workouts
not including the warm-up and the
cooldown which i'm not doing
because i'm doing them like back to back
whereas the past like few workouts have
been
four which has been intense so let's go
ahead
[Music]
god that was 26 minutes of hell
we are now on day
nine a lot of like similar movements but
i guess
if you if you're doing like these
obviously on different concept
different days rather than like
consecutive it would probably be fine
but
just doing it all like constantly
i managed to rope him in so he's gonna
do the last ones with me which is so
neat right now like
such a mind game like it's all in your
head but just before i came home i was
just like ah
enough enough have you got dressing
going on foreign
[Music]
i've managed to fill up four like sd
cards have any more sd cards i think i'm
going to like time lapse the next ones
[Music]
then day 11 is rest day it's for moving
straight on
to day 12. i'm so tired um
mason didn't want to join in anymore so
it's just us guys after having some food
like
i feel like my arms are the main thing
like my shoulders are so
[Music]
pumped
the end is inside like i'm having some
camera
problems i'm so sweaty right now i've
managed to fill
three memory cards and i've only just
switched out like how you do a time
lapse on this camera
two days left i cannot tell you how
happy i am right now like the end
has felt so far all day
[Music]
that's
the state of my hair that right there is
enough
i have workouts core workouts planks
hops like i never want to see another
hop in my life or another ab workout for
that matter
we're finished i'm so so tired i feel
like
i'm 70 years old right now like my knees
i would not recommend this to anyone
there is no need
to do that challenge in a day and i do
purely just as
a challenge i'm not advising anyone to
do that that would be
over exercising and is so unnecessary
and i pick the camera up tomorrow and
when i've had a chance to like reassess
like i need a shower so badly
today i was just trying to get them done
as quickly as possible and
i honestly thought i was going to be
finished by like six o'clock or
something
which is hilarious now but um i have
actually quite enjoyed that that's
really like pushed like i found that
really testing
anyway i'm pretty proud of myself for
doing that as well because i just wanted
to give up
a good few times coming up to 10 to
11. it is the next morning
and my god i have to crawl out of bed
this morning like i honestly felt like
i'd been hit by
a bus i imagine that it's a feeling like
felt horrific like my whole body is just
so stiff
i just feel heavy um and
yeah i definitely woke up feeling very
like
um leaner than i was yesterday
and i'm still like quite pumped in a way
but um
yeah that has been a fun challenge and i
feel
my body with so much food today also
going for spa day like i mentioned
yesterday
that wasn't actually booked like i
didn't plan to book that around this
video but obviously
the best timing ever so i'm gonna head
there i just thought i'd put on the send
you out of it
as yesterday just to show you this
definitely needs a wash
not advise anyone else to do that and
i'm not recommending to do so it is over
exercising and completely unnecessary
the weight that has changed is most
likely water weight it's nothing you
can't lose a substantial amount in 24
hours
[Music]
even like my armor over there
anyway i really hope you enjoyed this
video if you haven't already i would
love you to
hit that like button and make sure you
subscribe that was really tough
i've got some more challenges lined up
for the next few weeks so make sure
you are subscribed and i really enjoyed
this video again
and i'll see you guys in the next one